So, you know, you can use that as a helper to include assets, sometimes people add suffixes to the
asset file names after changing them to make sure browsers will fetch the updated assets instead of
serving the cached ones.
Laravel Meeks does that for you automatically, but you need to make some changes in the mix config
file first.
So open the Watpac Meeks, James.
The mix variable contains the Laravel mix object, one of its methods called version will make sure
your assets get a unique hash appended to the acid filenames every time you make changes to those files
after they are re compiled.
It's good to know this feature is only really usable in production, so we can conditionally enable
it.
By first checking if we are in production mode, by calling mix in production method.
So you would do if mix in production.
And only then we will call Meek's version.
The final step is to replace the Assad helper with the mix helper in the blade template.
It's the mix helper function job to figure out the proper filename with the suffix.
Since the versioning will only work in production to compile production assets, we need to run NPM
run PRAD Command.
Notice how the output files are significantly smaller in size than when compiling for the development
environment.
Then let's switch to the browser and make sure you refresh the page.
Then take a look at the network tab and the file names now have an ID parameter added that makes the
names unique after they are changed.
So in summary, if you do use versioning, you need to remember to use the mix Helbert to include your
assets.
If you don't want this feature, stick to the asset function.
I would recommend using the versioning feature.